reincarnated adult
My navy is not doing well
Enter important occasions
Someone is making trouble?
Someone is making trouble
Who is it? It's his brother-in-law
Said he just identified the president candidate without authorization
Right now.
Everyone is respectful to the temple commander
Hands down
But what about him?
To ignore the commanders
He is
Are you sure?
I'm pretty sure.
I'm also sure
Sure I can prove it too
That's bro
Let go forever
This is the big devil cloud hand settled in
Trailer Sir
Why are you hitting us?
Why? You'll soon find out why.
I am waiting for professional owners
What? He knelt down that day?
He went to the temple lord
He is the Lord of Heaven
I should have known
You fools
It's time to hurt me
Why did I choose the wrong one again?
What did I do?
You are truly the master of the temple
What did you call me?
God give you another chance
let
husband
What are you doing?
Not yet welcome the owner's wife
Welcome to the owner, welcome to the lady
Welcome to the owner
Welcome madam